---
title: The struggle is the default.
date: 2026-01-19
description: Daily journal entry
---
*Horowitz says, "The struggle is when you wonder why you started a company, it is when people ask you why you don't quit and the fun fact is you don't even know the answer"*

The fan on my TUF finally quieting down, but my head is still spinning.

The hard thing about listening is that sometimes the smartest people give you *peacetime* advice when you're actually in a *war*.

Everyone said me to wait. They said to play it safe, not rushing things, to let the product mature before making the big move which was ofc a logical sense. But I didn't listen. I pulled the trigger anyway. It's scary because if I'm wrong i'm the only one to blame but waiting felt like dying in a slow death. Horowitz talks about *"The Struggle"* - that feeling where you don't know if you're going to make it and your stomach turns. I sat with that feeling all day.

The rest of the day was just...... *leading bullets. **NO MAGIC.***

It was indeed just me infront of my screen fighting with that `arrow-rs` PR squashing commits, and trying to fix the logic that shouldn't have been there. Then I had to switch brains and do the NLP assignments for the college. *It's weird trying to build something massive while still ahving to worry about teh homework* LoL.

I'm drained. My back hurts. It's already midnight but standing still is just another slow way to rot and I'm not ehre waiting for the end.

Good night, 
keir *_^



